[docs] adding docs for assets.md (#2453)
wix/yoshi: website/docs/styles-and-assets/assets.md

---
id: assets
title: Assets
sidebar_label: Assets
---

> There are few ways of using asset files inside client application:

Reviewer: I would change that a bit if we're going to remove some of the bullets below

> - Install through npm and import to your bundle;
> - Create `src/assets` or `app/assets` folder. Every assets inside the folder will be copied to the `dist` folder and can then being served from the CDN;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The first part is not adding important information here.
The second part only works in the legacy flow, and already [added as such](https://wix-yoshi-website-pr-2453.surge.sh/docs/legacy-flow#assets-folder)

> - import files (e.g.: `.png`, `.jpg`) from .ts/.js files. It should go through one of the loaders. Therefore it will result as either base64 DataURL, or a file controlled by webpack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When importing assets (e.g. `.png`/`.jpg`) from `.ts`/`.js` files they go through one of the loaders. Therefore it will result as either base64 DataURL, or a file controlled by Webpack:
```

Reviewer: A code example can improve this article as well

---
id: assets
title: Assets
sidebar_label: Assets
---

With webpack, using static assets like images works similarly to CSS.

You can **`import` a file right in a JavaScript/TypeScript module**. This tells webpack to include that file in the bundle. Unlike CSS imports, importing a file gives you a string value. This value is the final path you can reference in your code, e.g. as the `src` attribute of an image or the `href` of a link to a PDF.

To reduce the number of requests to the server, importing images that are less than 10,000 bytes returns a [data URI](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/Data_URIs) instead of a path. This applies to the following file extensions: bmp, gif, jpg, jpeg, and png.

Here is an example:

```js
import React from "react";
import logo from "./logo.png"; // Tell webpack this JS file uses this image

> console.log(logo); // /logo.84287d09.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(logo); // /media/logo.ea74b57b.png
```

It would result in the `media` directory.
